So we have this, but
we don't wanna apply this yet.
Why don't we want to apply this yet?
What might be wrong with these
workspaces once they're created?
>> Feel we haven't been told how
to do anything with Amazon yet.
>> Right, we haven't given it any
credentials or any of that yet.
So, before we do this,
let's go back to our route, right?
We'll go to settings,
go to variable sets, and
now we're gonna create a new
variable set for Amazon, right?
So we're gonna say, fem-eci-aws,
now you won't be able to add
it to any workspaces yet.
So that's the caveat here,
but that's okay, that's okay.
We'll add three new variables.
The first one is gonna be
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, right?
Where we need to get our access key.
So let me go grab that
really quickly from Doppler.
>> Environment variables?
>> Yep, make sure you add it as
an environment variable, right?
So there's my access key ID.
I've added that.
So you can see that's there, right?
So then I'm gonna go to add a variable
again, environment variable.
AWS_DEFAULT_REGION, us-west-2,
this doesn't need to be sensitive.
Now we'll add one more which
does need to be sensitive
which is our AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY.
I'll move this over really quick and
set that the to Sensitive and
add that variable.
So now you'll have three variables,
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_DEFAULT_REGION and
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY.
So we'll hit, Create variable set.
And now we should again
have three variable sets.
One for tfe, one for
github, and one for aws.
You can see now how this works, right?
All right, so now that we've got that,
let's go back to our workspace.
See details.
Confirm and apply.
Now, it may automatically run the repos or
it may not.
It sometimes depends on just
how TerraForm cloud is feeling.
I don't really know what the
differentiator is on when it wants to and
when it doesn't.
But you can see there's everything
that got created instantly.
And of course, there we go.
We can see that our plans are now being
set up, but we know they're gonna fail, so
let's just let them fail.
We'll go to settings again.
Go to variable sets AWS, and
then we'll attach them to our
AWS Projects or workspaces, sorry,
apply to our AWS workspaces.
Now, there might be a question of,
why don't you just add
it to the whole project?
You could, if you wanted to, it could
make your life a little bit easier
to where you don't have
to do this all the time.
But you may not want AWS credentials
in your GitHub Automation,
you know what I mean?
Just so just think about it, consider.
So we're gonna hit Save Variable Set.
And then if we go back to workspaces,
we can see, in fact, it errored out,
because we can't access anything,
which is fine.
So we will go to our
AWS Network workspace first,
which seems to still be trying to plan,
and in fact, it did fail.
So, if I go to Variables really quick,
look at that.
That's the power of Terraform cloud and
workspaces.
So, you could see now if I wanted
another network, new workspace,
couple of variables,
access keys, go out, right?
So now I'm gonna go to runs,
new run, start run.
And I'm actually gonna do the same thing,
actually, no, let's just do it for
network right now.
So let's just do the plan for network.
And again, I know we're moving fast, but
I'll definitely catch you
guys up here don't worry.
>> You didn't have a top level
domain that will probably error out.
>> No, it's fine.
It doesn't do anything with it.
It doesn't have to be a real one,
it just has to be one that is
Parcelable and valid, right?
So you can't just put in without a .com.
[LAUGH] Awesome, look at that.
All those resources.
Slightly terrifying [LAUGH] but
let's go ahead and confirm and apply.
>> Am I gonna be poor after this?
>> What's that?
>> [LAUGH]
>> None of them actually cost any money
until they're used?
>> No, we're gonna start
accumulating money now but
don't worry you can delete it very
quickly that's why we have workspaces.
[LAUGH] But there's free tier for
all of this.
So, yeah, you're just going into
free tier stuff right now, yeah.
So there you go it's gonna start
creating the VPC that's the first
place it's gonna start because that's
what everything exists in, right, and
then whoa look at that.
Yeah.
Isn't that just so satisfying?
All the clicks you don't have to do,
so nice.
And then this is really
the price costs are right here.
It's the NAT gateway, right?
Because we have private networking,
we have internal connections and
things like that there needs to be a NAT
gateway there something that can access
the Internet still.
So this is hands down the most
expensive part of the whole cluster.
It's like $30 a month.
But don't worry, like I said,
it's very easy to delete these and
just not have to worry about it so
I'll show you that in a second.
This does actually take a second.
So while this is running does
anyone have any questions
>> Any way to disable a workspace without
saving all your settings
without it being deployed live.
>> Saving all your settings
without being deployed live.
What would be your goal with that?
>> If I didn't want it incurring costs but
wanted to maintain.
>> Just destroy it and recreate it.
>> Gotcha
>> Yeah,
that would be my personal recommendation.
Yeah, just destroy it and
recreate it when you need.
So if you're like deving stuff, right?
You just need to destroy them and create
them in the same dependency structure,
right?
So if it's cluster sits on top of network,
then you gotta delete cluster first,
so then you can delete network safely.
Otherwise it'll be,
why are you trying to delete routes, man?
Cluster's still up.
But yeah, this does take a second.
NAT gateway and outbound traffic
cost money though, yes it does.
We're not gonna be doing any
outbound traffic though,
so it'll only be inbound
>> How do you typically map
environment to workspace?
Do you have workspace and then,
three different clusters for
dev stage QA or
is it one workspace for each?
>> Honestly it's up to you.
I know that I'm only gonna create one
network for what I need right now.
If I wanted another network then
I would be, network omething,
you know what I mean?
Just like we did with cluster prod.
But I'm kind of doing
a few opinionation here.
I'm first saying, okay,
I know I wanna create a network and
I know I wanna reuse that network.
So I'm not really worried about creating
a bunch of other networks right now.
However, I do know that I might need
a another cluster in the future, right?
And so that's where that can be helpful,
although I am noticing that
is maybe not set properly.
Let's take a quick look here cuz
that should actually have prod at
the end of it.
So let's do this.
Let's go back to our TFE code real quick.
It check out me Pull, so
let's not apply that yet
cuz there might be something going
on here, so let's take a look.
So there is no prod there,
but that's okay.
We'll worry about it later.
Don't worry, that's a spoiler for later.
Yeah, go ahead.
>> You utilize open source modules or
re-implement them from scratch so
you have more control and quality.
Let's say you notice that some
features are not supported
by modules-
>> Yeah.
>> Or done wrong.
>> Yeah, we do.
Yeah, it's a mixture of modules and
resources.
It's just really depends on what
fits your needs best, yeah.
>> We see many infrastructure
projects which use Terraform and
have the folder per environment and
resource in a single repository
from which Terraform is run.
Are there any pros and cons to this setup?
Or how would you approach changing
this at an organization and
possibly migrating gradually from it?
>> So, I think for me, it's all about
the design of the expectations, right?
If it's just modules, then it's easy, or
if it's just repositories, it's just easy
to understand repo, go to the network
repo, go to this repo, go to that repo.
If you start merging things together,
just in general.
It's gonna become more confusing, right?
It's gonna, okay,
where is it inside of what now, right?
At Hippo we do have Ms
in folders actually.
We do that, but not everywhere,
only in certain spaces where we want to.
Another thing that makes it a little bit
more challenging is you actually have to
tell TerraForm which branch
to track in the repo.
And there's been times before this is a
massive con where I've had a developer go
into TerraForm and actually change
the branch it's pointed to.
And then start working
off of their own branch.
And then I'm like, what are you doing?
That's the main branch,
what are you talking about?
So for me,
I really don't prefer branching.
If you wanted to get out of
the branching scenario you
would just start creating repos.
And then for every branch create a new
repo and then tell a workspace to point to
that repo instead of that
specific path in the branch.
The nice thing about all of this,
if you have two repos that have the exact
same data, and you run them, Terraform
can't tell the difference, [LAUGH] right?
Because it's just automation
underneath the hood.
So you can move it all the way
to a completely new repo, and
then just go in and change the VCS and
what you pointed to, and
it's in a whole new location as
long as the code is the same.